[EXAMPLE] Add example to load another BPMN diagram in the same container on double click on a call activity (#108)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: examples/interaction/call-activity-with-reload-on-dblclick/README.md

> # Load BPMN Diagram on the same container on event on a call activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Load BPMN Diagram in the same container on dobble click on a call activity
```

> Javascript example to demonstrate how to use the same container on event on an element of the BPMN Diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Javascript example to demonstrate how to use the same container on a double click on an element of the BPMN Diagram.
```

- [__:fast_forward: live environment__](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/master/examples/interaction/call-activity-with-reload-on-dblclick/index.html)
- to run locally, open the [index.html](index.html) directly in a Web Browser

## ♻️ Usage

> After the main `BpmnVisualization` instantiation, get the HTML element corresponding to the call activity to add a listener to load a new BPMN Diagram on the same container on activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the main `BpmnVisualization` instantiation, get the HTML element corresponding to the call activity to add a listener to load a new BPMN Diagram in the same container on activation.
```
